h1. Texbox: A NexT theme port for Textpattern

"NexT":https://theme-next.js.org/ is a popular blogging theme for the "Hexo":https://hexo.io/ framework, and "Texbox":https://github.com/eliph/Texbox provides a port of "NexT":https://theme-next.js.org/ to the  "Textpattern":http://textpattern.com CMS. Thereby, the "Textile":https://textile-lang.com/ markup languague, and many other "Textpattern's":http://textpattern.com powerful features can be used, while retaining the "NexT":https://github.com/next-theme/awesome-next elegant design.

h2. Installation

Texbox requires Textpattern v. 4.8.2 or higher, and can be installed as follows: 

# "Install Textpattern":https://docs.textpattern.com/installation/ and chose the "zero" theme during install.
# After installation of Textpattern, the dummy article #1 than has been created automatically ("Welcome to your site") can be overwritten, and also its associated categories and the comment (by "Donald Swain").
# Grab the current "Texbox release file":https://github.com/eliph/Texbox/releases/, unzip and place the entire @texbox@ folder into the @themes@ folder of your textpattern directory.
# Go to "Presentation › Themes":https://docs.textpattern.com/administration/themes-panel and import the Texbox theme from the drop-down menue.
# Go to "Presentation › Sections":https://docs.textpattern.com/administration/sections-panel and switch the theme used to "Texbox".
# Go to "Admin › Preferences":https://docs.textpattern.com/administration/preferences-panel and set @Article URL pattern@ to @/section/title@.
# Go to "Presentation › Sections":https://docs.textpattern.com/administration/sections-panel, and create the sections @categories@, @tag@ and @timeline@. Then link them to the respective pages @categories@, @tags@ and @archive@. Also make sure that the @articles@ section has been linked to the @articles@ page automatically. 
# Articles in optionally created sections, such as @about@, may be linked to the to the @articles@ page also, and then will be displayed with the section. They will not not counted or displayed as regular articles.
# Go to "Admin › Plugins":https://docs.textpattern.com/administration/plugins-panel, and install the following plugins:
## "true_tags plugin v. 3.9.2":https://forum.textpattern.com/viewtopic.php?pid=324007#p324007.
## "soo_toc table of contents generator":http://ipsedixit.net/txp/3/soo_toc

Then activate the plugins.

h2. Licence

"Texbox":https://github.com/eliph/Texbox is published under the "MIT licence":https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php

The "hexo-theme-next licence":https://github.com/next-theme/hexo-theme-next/blob/master/LICENSE.md requires that a covered work must retain «NexT» official website link (https://theme-next.js.org) in the footer section of every website created, modified or manipulated by using «NexT».

h2. Demo

A demo site for "Textbox" is "provided":https://texbox-blog.de

h2. Limitations

* Search has not been implemented
* Plugin @true_tags@ will throw an error if testmode is activated in the admin panel. No error if live mode is on.

h2. Changelog

* *v0.1* – Initial release
* *v0.2* 
** added UI for mobile devices
** a table of contents will be generated when header tags contain IDs (see "PHP-textile issue #213":https://github.com/textile/php-textile/issues/213)
** the main menu now has counts for articles, tags, and categories
** prev/next tags added at the article footers
** various design improvements

